Include new URL import in the import guide (#81)
crate/cloud-howtos: docs/import-data.rst

Import data
===========

This guide shows two methods of importing data into your CrateDB Cloud
cluster. One is available directly in your Cloud Console, and the other in the
Admin UI of your cluster.

.. rubric:: Table of contents

.. contents::
   :local:

Import data from URL
--------------------

> The more convenient method for importing data is to import from a URL
> directly in your Cloud Console. See details `here`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most convenient method for importing data is to import from a URL
directly in the Cloud Console. See details `here`_.
```

Import data in the Admin UI
---------------------------

> If your data isn't publicly available or is in a format unsupported by URL

Reviewer 2: maybe this would be clearer if we said something like

```
If your data isn't available on a public URL or is not in a format that is currently supported by the URL Import feature in the cloud console, you can import the data manually from the Admin 
UI.

```

Reviewer: To be fair I would omit this altogether, as it is not true. You still need data to be publicly available somewhere to use `COPY FROM`. 

Maybe something like:
If you prefer, you can use a `COPY FROM` statement to import data directly into your CrateDB Cloud cluster.

Author: Ah, right. My bad

import in the Cloud Console, you will have to import manually from the Admin 
UI.

.. _prerequisite:

Pre-requisite
'''''''''''''

To import data this way, you need to have access to your cluster's
Admin UI. The username is always ``admin`` and the password is set upon 
cluster deployment. Make sure to store it securely.

.. _create-table:

Create a table
''''''''''''''

> Before you import the data, the table that will be filled with the data must 

Reviewer 2: To the best of my knowledge, I'm don't think this is true. The table will be created on-the-fly even if no table exists.
